Create a responsive and user-friendly website for a Virtual Assistant (VA)
service using the following tech stack:

Frontend: NextJS, Tailwind CSS Backend: Node.js Database & Authentication:
Supabase The website should cater to two main user groups:

Clients seeking VA services. Applicants looking to apply for a VA position.
Functional Requirements:

Homepage:

Attractive landing page introducing the VA service. Clear navigation to "Contact
Us" and "Apply Now" sections/pages. Contact Us Page:

Form Fields: Name Email Address Subject Message Functionality: Upon submission,
validate inputs on both frontend and backend. Use NodeMailer to send the form
details to the site administrator's email. Display a success or error message
based on the email sending status. Applicants Page:

Application Form Fields:

Full Name (Text Input) Complete Address (Textarea) Email Address (Email Input)
Phone Number (Text Input with validation) Upload CV Format: PDF, DOC, DOCX
Validation: File size limit (e.g., 5MB) DISC Assessment Result Format: Image
(JPEG, PNG) Validation: File size limit (e.g., 3MB) 1-Minute Video Upload
Format: MP4 Validation: File size limit (e.g., 20MB) System Requirements Format:
Image (JPEG, PNG) Validation: File size limit (e.g., 3MB) Functionality:

Validate all inputs on both frontend and backend. Store applicant data and
uploaded files in Supabase storage and database. Send a confirmation email to
the applicant upon successful submission. Notify the site administrator of a new
application via email. Implement progress indicators for file uploads. Ensure
secure handling and storage of sensitive information. Admin Dashboard (Optional
but Recommended):

Secure login for administrators. View and manage client messages from the
"Contact Us" page. View and manage applicant submissions. Download or view
uploaded files directly from the dashboard. Technical Specifications:

Frontend:

Framework: NextJS for server-side rendering and routing. Styling: Tailwind CSS
for responsive and modern UI design. Pages: / - Homepage /contact - Contact Us
Page /apply - Applicants Page /admin - Admin Dashboard (if implemented) Backend:

Runtime: Node.js Email Handling: NodeMailer to send emails for contact form
submissions and application notifications. API Routes: Utilize NextJS API routes
for handling form submissions and interactions with Supabase. Database &
Storage:

Database: Supabase for storing applicant data and contact messages. Storage:
Supabase Storage for handling file uploads (CVs, images, videos).
Authentication: Implement Supabase Auth for securing admin routes (if Admin
Dashboard is built). Deployment:

Deploy the NextJS application on platforms like Vercel or Netlify. Ensure
environment variables (e.g., Supabase credentials, NodeMailer SMTP details) are
securely managed. Non-Functional Requirements:

Security:

Protect against common web vulnerabilities (e.g., SQL Injection, XSS). Secure
file upload handling to prevent malicious files. Implement SSL/TLS for data
encryption in transit. Performance:

Optimize images and media for fast loading times. Implement lazy loading for
media-heavy sections. Accessibility:

Ensure the website is accessible to users with disabilities (e.g., proper ARIA
labels, keyboard navigation). Responsiveness:

Ensure the website is fully responsive across various devices and screen sizes.
Scalability:

Design the backend to handle increasing amounts of data and traffic as the
service grows. Development Steps:

Setup:

Initialize a NextJS project. Configure Tailwind CSS. Set up Supabase project and
configure authentication and storage. Build Frontend Components:

Design and develop the Homepage. Create the Contact Us form with validation.
Develop the Applicants form with all required fields and validations. Implement
Backend Functionality:

Set up API routes for handling form submissions. Integrate NodeMailer for
sending emails. Connect to Supabase for data storage and retrieval. Handle file
uploads securely to Supabase Storage. Testing:

Perform unit and integration testing for all functionalities. Test email sending
and file uploads. Ensure responsiveness and cross-browser compatibility.
Deployment:

Deploy the application to the chosen hosting platform. Set up environment
variables and ensure secure configurations. Post-Deployment:

Monitor the application for any issues. Gather feedback and iterate on features
as needed. Additional Considerations:

User Experience (UX):

Implement clear call-to-action buttons. Provide feedback on form submissions
(e.g., loading indicators, success messages). SEO Optimization:

Optimize meta tags, titles, and descriptions for better search engine
visibility. Analytics:

Integrate tools like Google Analytics to monitor site traffic and user behavior.
Resources and References:

NextJS Documentation: https://nextjs.org/docs Tailwind CSS Documentation:
https://tailwindcss.com/docs Supabase Documentation: https://supabase.com/docs
NodeMailer Documentation: https://nodemailer.com/about/ Vercel Deployment Guide:
https://vercel.com/docs Summary:

This project involves creating a robust VA service website with functionalities
catering to both clients and potential VA applicants. Leveraging the specified
tech stack ensures a modern, scalable, and maintainable application. Attention
to security, performance, and user experience will be crucial for the website's
success.
